readme.md, before:

wp-plugin-dev-lib
=================

**Common code used during development of WordPress plugins**

It is intended that this repo be included in plugin repo via git-subtree/submodule in a `bin/` directory.

To **add** it to your repo, do:

```bash
git subtree add --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master --squash
```

To **update** the library with the latest changes:

```bash
git subtree pull --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master --squash
```

And if you have changes you want to **upstream**, do:

```bash
git subtree push --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master
```

Symlink to the `.travis.yml`, `.jshintrc`, and `phpcs.ruleset.xml` inside of the `bin/` directory you added:

```bash
ln -s bin/.travis.yml . && git add .travis.yml
ln -s bin/.jshintrc . && git add .jshintrc
ln -s bin/phpcs.ruleset.xml . && git add phpcs.ruleset.xml
```

Symlink to `pre-commit` from your project's `.git/hooks/pre-commit`:

```bash
cd .git/hooks
ln -s ../../bin/pre-commit .
```

The library includes a WordPress README [parser](class-wordpress-readme-parser.php) and [converter](generate-markdown-readme) to Markdown,
so you don't have to manually keep your `readme.txt` on WordPress.org in sync with the `readme.md` you have on GitHub. The
converter will also automatically recognize the presence of projects with Travis CI and include the status image
in the markdown. Screenshots and banner images for WordPress.org are also automatically incorporated into the `readme.md`.

What is also included in this repo is an [`svn-push`](svn-push) to push commits from a GitHub repo to the WordPress.org SVN repo for the plugin.
The `/assets/` directory in the root of the project will get automatically moved one directory above in the SVN repo (alongside
`trunk`, `branches`, and `tags`). To use, include an `svn-url` file in the root of your repo and let this file contains he full root URL
to the WordPress.org repo for plugin (don't include `trunk`).

The utilities in this project were first developed to facilitate development of [X-Team](http://x-team.com/wordpress/)'s [plugins](http://profiles.wordpress.org/x-team/).

Commit message:

Squashed 'bin/' changes from cc5a003..747693b
747693b Update .jshintrc to latest in Core from 2013-11-13
6ab916f Fix regex for readme.txt section frontmatter
2dbb4ca Make readme section front-matter pattern not greedy
5b2b963 Move Travis build badge right after metadata block
e60070a Add support for parsing readme section front-matter
ca371f1 Merge pull request #36 from x-team/develop
2cfb6e9 Add support for WPCS folder re-structure
e55d064 Merge branch 'master' into develop
b782342 Use master branch for coveralls build status
d7722bd Supply default PHPCS_IGNORE
1efac8e Add composer
13db3de Trial support for coveralls
b88ad0b Merge pull request #35 from x-team/develop
2ad10ee Add sample .ci-env.sh to readme
ffbe9ea Add built-in VVV support to pre-commit hook
98f6174 Fix PHPCS issues new from WordPress:core-extra
54f710a Use same WP_VERSION in .travis.yml as WP-CLI's template
d8e6928 Fetch and use latest install-wp-tests.sh from wp-cli GitHub repo
d6c29fc Use .ci-env.sh (nee .travis.before_script.sh) in pre-commit hook
3344571 Fix .travis.yml syntax error
fb5d1cc Allow PHPCS and WPCS to pull from different locations
4529787 Improve URL regex for readme builder
dab2ab1 Merge commit '025f3510009d530e4313d4c94a714e555f467288'
1139f0d Make PHPCS ruleset file naming consistent
e73f2d6 Updating readme parser
02cb910 Post connector tests
ce084cf Append branch param to Travis CI status image URL
91dd266 Changelog for 0.3 release

git-subtree-dir: bin
git-subtree-split: 747693b277b487b8dd96902457c9c48883089f73

readme.md, after:

wp-plugin-dev-lib
=================

**Common code used during development of WordPress plugins**

It is intended that this repo be included in plugin repo via git-subtree/submodule in a `bin/` directory.

To **add** it to your repo, do:

```bash
git subtree add --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master --squash
```

To **update** the library with the latest changes:

```bash
git subtree pull --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master --squash
```

And if you have changes you want to **upstream**, do:

```bash
git subtree push --prefix bin \
  git@github.com:x-team/wp-plugin-dev-lib.git master
```

Symlink to the `.travis.yml`, `.jshintrc`, and `phpcs.ruleset.xml` inside of the `bin/` directory you added:

```bash
ln -s bin/.travis.yml . && git add .travis.yml
ln -s bin/.jshintrc . && git add .jshintrc
ln -s bin/phpcs.ruleset.xml . && git add phpcs.ruleset.xml
```

Symlink to `pre-commit` from your project's `.git/hooks/pre-commit`:

```bash
cd .git/hooks
ln -s ../../bin/pre-commit .
```

You may customize the behavior of the `.travis.yml` and `pre-commit` hook by
specifying a `.ci-env.sh` in the root of the repo, for example:

```bash
export PHPCS_GITHUB_SRC=x-team/PHP_CodeSniffer
export PHPCS_GIT_TREE=master
export WPCS_GIT_TREE=develop
export WPCS_STANDARD=WordPress-Core
export PHPCS_IGNORE='tests/*,includes/vendor/*'
```

The library includes a WordPress README [parser](class-wordpress-readme-parser.php) and [converter](generate-markdown-readme) to Markdown,
so you don't have to manually keep your `readme.txt` on WordPress.org in sync with the `readme.md` you have on GitHub. The
converter will also automatically recognize the presence of projects with Travis CI and include the status image
in the markdown. Screenshots and banner images for WordPress.org are also automatically incorporated into the `readme.md`.

What is also included in this repo is an [`svn-push`](svn-push) to push commits from a GitHub repo to the WordPress.org SVN repo for the plugin.
The `/assets/` directory in the root of the project will get automatically moved one directory above in the SVN repo (alongside
`trunk`, `branches`, and `tags`). To use, include an `svn-url` file in the root of your repo and let this file contains he full root URL
to the WordPress.org repo for plugin (don't include `trunk`).

The utilities in this project were first developed to facilitate development of [X-Team](http://x-team.com/wordpress/)'s [plugins](http://profiles.wordpress.org/x-team/).
